CASM-5684: Update RR docs to reflect design changes (#6255)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/rack_resiliency/Kyverno_Policy.md

  validationFailureAction: Audit
  ...
```
**Note:**
The **exclude** section of the policy shown in the above example is present when the policy is applied initially using Helm.
Later, if [Rack Resiliency is enabled](Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md), the **exclude** section is patched and removed from the policy 

> at the end of the Helm upgrade(using a post upgrade hook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** The `exclude` section of the policy shown in the above example is present when the policy is applied initially using Helm.
If [Rack Resiliency is enabled](Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md), then the `exclude` section is removed from the policy
(using a post-install/post-upgrade hook).
```

## How the policy works

### 1. Restart critical services

> At the end of CSM upgrade from 1.6.x to 1.7.0, the critical services which are either Deployments or StatefulSets are restarted based on whether Rack Resiliency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of CSM upgrade from 1.6 to 1.7, the critical services (which are either Deployments or StatefulSets) are restarted based on whether Rack Resiliency
```

> is enabled and `Kyverno` policy is applied. During restart the policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied. During restart the policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine. 
```

> During fresh install of CSM 1.7.0, at the end of [configure administrative access procedure](../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#configure-administrative-access), the critical services should be manually restarted using the [steps mentioned here] (../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#9-restart-rack-resiliency-critical-services). Similar to upgrade, the critical services are restarted only when Rack Resiliency is enabled and `Kyverno` policy is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a fresh install of CSM 1.7, as part of
[Configure Administrative Access](../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#configure-administrative-access),
the critical services are restarted in the
[Restart Rack Resiliency critical services] (../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#9-restart-rack-resiliency-critical-services)
step. The critical services are restarted only when Rack Resiliency is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied.
```

  ...
```

**Note:** The `exclude` section of the policy shown in the above example is present when the policy is applied initially using Helm.
If [Rack Resiliency is enabled](Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md), then the `exclude` section is removed from the policy
(using a post-install/post-upgrade hook).

## How the policy works

### 1. Restart critical services

> At the end of CSM upgrade from 1.6 to 1.7, the critical services (which are either Deployments or StatefulSets) are restarted based on whether Rack Resiliency
> is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied. During restart the policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of CSM upgrade from 1.6 to 1.7, the critical services (which are either Deployments or StatefulSets) are restarted only if Rack Resiliency
is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied.
```

During a fresh install of CSM 1.7, as part of
[Configure Administrative Access](../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#configure-administrative-access),
the critical services are restarted in the
[Restart Rack Resiliency critical services] (../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#9-restart-rack-resiliency-critical-services)
step. The critical services are restarted only when Rack Resiliency is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

During the service restart, the Kyverno policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine. 

```

  ...
```

**Note:** The `exclude` section of the policy shown in the above example is present when the policy is applied initially using Helm.
If [Rack Resiliency is enabled](Enabling_Rack_Resiliency.md), then the `exclude` section is removed from the policy
(using a post-install/post-upgrade hook).

## How the policy works

### 1. Restart critical services

At the end of CSM upgrade from 1.6 to 1.7, the critical services (which are either Deployments or StatefulSets) are restarted only if Rack Resiliency
is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied.

During a fresh install of CSM 1.7, as part of
[Configure Administrative Access](../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#configure-administrative-access),
the critical services are restarted in the

> [Restart Rack Resiliency critical services] (../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#9-restart-rack-resiliency-critical-services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Restart Rack Resiliency critical services](../../install/configure_administrative_access.md#9-restart-rack-resiliency-critical-services)
```

step. The critical services are restarted only when Rack Resiliency is enabled and the Kyverno policy is applied.

> During the service restart, the Kyverno policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the service restart, the Kyverno policy is implemented by the Kyverno policy engine.
```
